Who says our neighbors are dead?
Am I not dead yet?
Why are you discussing changing the head?
With you first?
Look over
Bingbing Evergreen
This is the wedding
Why don't you recognize me?
Congratulations, congratulations.
Go away you go away
What an uneducated maid
Who gave you the courage to treat your master like this?
Lin Qianyu has a weak personality
Never hit anyone
How to tolerate
No, you are definitely not Chiwa
Who are you?
Evergreen, take a good look at me
I am your new wife, Chiwa
Impossible oh impossible
All the mud has come out
You have committed suicide alone
Suicide alone
How can I remember?
I lay in bed and fell asleep on the wedding night.
Then I don't remember anything
When you wake up, you will be in this coffin
I refuse
You are the maid of our Lin Mansion
Ignore me for so many years
Why don't you know me anymore?
Seriously, you don't remember anything
Evergreen, I'm safe now
Why are you not happy at all?
Blind you for a while
See how I treat you dog men and women
No, you can't be him.
You don't smell the same as Qianyu
Who are you?